6:30 to 7:30pm
The HPL ‘Comdey’ quiz show
Garden Room, Biltmore 2nd Floor

Brought to you by Chris Lackey and Chad Fifer, the lads behind the
masterful H.P. Lovecraft Literary Podcast, this promises to be a
delightful evening of weird humor and curious questions, and features
special guests including HPLHS’s Andrew Leman. More details
forthcoming

6:30pm to 7:30pm
The Madness from Below, theatrical production
Black Box Theater, 95 Empire St. OPEN TO THE PUBLIC ($5 for public)
An abandoned cemetery in a Florida swamp. A family crypt, left
forgotten in Massachusetts. An ancient temple hidden beneath an
English estate. The madness always escapes from below.  Come witness
three weird tales written by HP Lovecraft, adapted by Calvin Campany,
and reanimated by the talented voice actors of South County’s
Contemporary Theater Company. This is a live radio show, presented as
a multimedia experience.

8pm to 9:30pm
RadioTheater NYC presentation of Weird Tales, part two–
Providence Public Library, 150 Empire St. 02903   OPEN TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC ($5 for public)
The award-winning, critically acclaimed RADIOTHEATRE NYC returns for
two evenings of tales of terror, complete with a cast of great actors,
original orchestral scores and a plethora of sound effects!  This is
NOT an old time radio show, folks, but a unique LIVE ON STAGE audio
performance. (At last Necronomicon, some patrons actually FLED from
the room!). Bring your imaginations to this nights presentations of:
The Call of Cthulhu, by Lovecraft – Two men go in search for the
mighty Cthulhu!  The Black Cat, by Poe – A man thinks he is being
driven insane by his favorite pet.  From Beyond, by Lovecraft – A mad
scientist intends to prove to his terrified fiancee that we are living
amidst unknown invisible creatures!  The Cask of Amontillado, by Poe –
A wine lover invites his arch nemesis to his underground cellar.


**Don’t forget all the film screenings – see separate listing!

9:00pm to 1:00am
COVEN, BEASTMAKER, MAGIC CIRCLE
The Columbus Theater, 270 Broadway, 02903
OPEN TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC (see ticket pricing below)
An absolutely epic night of dark dirge and sonic heaviness featuring
COVEN, the godparents of doom metal, and two other incredible acts in
one of the most gorgeous settings we could hope for, the beautifully
restored 1920s era Columbus Theater. Tickets on sale here.

9:00 to 10:00pm
Lovecraftian Trivia Night!
Location TBD
OPEN TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC (21+)
Our pal, Pete Rawlik, is a trivia master. Fortunately for you, you
don’t have to compete against a team he’s on. Unfortunately, you have
to compete against HIM. Pete pulls together a great collection of
Lovecraft- and weird-fiction-related trivia, some fairly easy, some
hard enough to even make S.T. Joshi whimper. Good news is we’re
putting this on in a bar! So come lubricate your brain (Pete accepts
whiskey bribes, by the way), and put it to work at the same time.

9:00 to 10:00pm
“The Call of Cthulhu,” performed by David Neilsen; opening act, the eldritch magicks of James Harrison
Black Box Theater, 95 Empire St.
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC ($5 for public)
Join actor/storyteller David Neilsen on a journey into madness as he
brings Lovecraft’s horrific masterpiece to life. Discover a world of
forbidden knowledge, dark cults, and ancient secrets leading to an
apocalyptic encounter with a terrifying behemoth from beneath the sea
and beyond the stars. Sanity not included. Or guaranteed. To set your
mind at the ready, you will be regaled by the remarkable magickal
feats of James Harrison. Do not miss it!

10:00 to 11:00pm
Innsmouth Sea Shanties!
Location TBD
OPEN TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC (21+)
The boys from the H. P. Lovecraft Historical Society bring their
finest singing voices, and expect you to croak and bleat along with
all your favorite hits, such as Innsmouth Girls, Old Captain Obed, and
everyone’s favorite – The Devil Reef Chanty! The boys are planning a
fun time, so be sure to shamble on over for this fun time.

